Shorten README.md (#154)
pusher/oauth2_proxy: README.md

oauth2_proxy-3.2.0.linux-amd64: OK
```

2.  [Select a Provider and Register an OAuth Application with a Provider](https://pusher.github.io/oauth2_proxy/auth-configuration)
3.  [Configure OAuth2 Proxy using config file, command line options, or environment variables](https://pusher.github.io/oauth2_proxy/configuration)
4.  [Configure SSL or Deploy behind a SSL endpoint](https://pusher.github.io/oauth2_proxy/tls-configuration) (example provided for Nginx)

## Docs

> Read the full documentation at https://pusher.github.io/oauth2_proxy

Reviewer: I'd maybe hide the URL behind a pretty link? WDYT?
```suggestion
Read the docs on our [Docs site](https://pusher.github.io/oauth2_proxy).
```
